welcome to gooses Powersports we're
located at 120 Commerce Drive
Hendersonville Tennessee 3 707 5 for
about 25 minutes north of Nashville
Tennessee you can visit us online at
Gooch's Powersports dot-com this won't
take you inside our new facility that
we've just moved into sorry it's shaky
kind of show you around we've just moved
from small location to our new almost
10,000 square foot location still kind
of getting moved in settled up as you
see we have a number of special bikes
built by all things chrome net is
actually located right next door to us
Hayabusas it's a custom 330 r1 rear tire
we'll be stocking a full line of helmets
tires we do service work like all the
custom bikes are built by our neighbors
right next door all things chrome net so
if you want to customize the Fat Tire
boosah CBR anything they're expanding
into more lines of motorcycles now
instead of just the Hayabusas so
off-road products we have some more
four-wheelers and a picture there but
we're still trying to make room for
everything Harley's cruisers
there's the world-famous hater bite for
obvious reasons it's got thousands of
hits on YouTube have mild to wild
Hayabusas over here whole wall full of
them again we sell tires brakes chain
sprockets batteries handle all basic
maintenance needs six hundreds one
thousands all price ranges generally
starting from about three thousand
dollars up
we've moved into the new larger location
to give us the opportunity to serve our
customers better add to our inventory so
even even more motorcycles and ATVs
we've got about another 2,000 square
feet opening up that's going to be 100%
off-road behind that door right there
coming very soon this is Shawn goochy
goochy power sports I just want to give
you guys a quick walk around would love
to see you here and we definitely
appreciate your business if you need
something to give us a call at six one
five two six five eight six six zero or
you can even call my cell phone at six
one five four seven three one eight nine
one our website is Gooch's that spelled
G oo CH s power sports.com right so we
have bikes for all price ranges from
mild to wild we really appreciate all
the military business that we get we
store a lot of bikes for military guys
and girls while they're deployed have
their bike waiting on them here whenever
they come home anyway welcome to go to
our sports hope see you guys here soon